Release 5.5.3 (#14)
iterorganization/IMAS-Core: docs/source/index.rst

IMAS-Core Documentation
=======================

.. image:: https://github.com/iterorganization/IMAS-Core/actions/workflows/wheels.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop
    :target: https://github.com/iterorganization/IMAS-Core/actions/workflows/wheels.yml
    :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/iterorganization/IMAS-Core
    :target: https://github.com/iterorganization/IMAS-Core/blob/main/LICENSE.txt
    :alt: License

What is IMAS?
-------------

> **IMAS** (Integrated Modeling and Analysis Suite) is ITER's comprehensive suite for storing and analyzing fusion experiment data.

Reviewer: I think we have to go beyond the idea that IMAS is just about data storage and access and so would say:
```suggestion
**IMAS** (Integrated Modeling and Analysis Suite) is ITER's comprehensive suite for simulating and analyzing fusion data.
```
